Add parquet file value for match_pattern (#2377)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/ingest/ingest-from-gcs.md

|gcs.bucket_name |Required. The name of the bucket the data source is stored in. |
|gcs.credential|Optional. The base64 encoded credential key. If this field is not specified, ADC (application default credentials) will be used. |
|gcs.service_account|Optional. The service account of the target GCS source. If `gcs.credential` or ADC is not specified, the credentials will be derived from the service account.|

> |match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in the bucket that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, the file source can read parquet files.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in the bucket that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `.parquet`, the file source can read parquet files.|
```

> |match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in the bucket that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, you can use file source to read parquet file.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|match_pattern| Conditional. This field is used to find object keys in the bucket that match the given pattern. Standard Unix-style [glob](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) syntax is supported. When set to `*.parquet`, the file source can read parquet files.|
```
